I @User.FirstName @User.LastName, authorize JRica.Studio to apply eyelash extensions to myself. On this day @DateTime.UtcNow.ToShortDateString() and future eyelash extensions services.
By signing below, I am agreeing to the following:
I am over the age of 18 years old.
I understand that JRica.Studio lash technician are qualified to apply eyelash extensions.
I understand what eyelash extensions are and the process of applying eyelash extensions.
I authorize JRica.Studio technician to apply eyelash extensions to myself for today and all future eyelash extension services.
I give consent for photographs and videos taken of my lashes and during the services to be used for the salon’s use.
I understand that the glue is strong, and the fumes can have a powerful smell.
I understand that it is my responsibility to keep my eyes closed during the procedure and only open when advised by lash tech.
I agree to disclose any allergies I may have.
I understand that I need to listen to my lash technician’s instructions.
I understand I need to follow the aftercare advise to maintain not only the eyelash extensions, but my own natural lashes.
I understand all after care advice that my lash technician has given/ explained to me.
I understand that due to the natural cycle, I will need to maintain my lashes and book touch up appointments recommended every 2-3 weeks.
I understand that I have been advised I am not allowed to wear makeup around the eye area to my eyelash extension appointments and that in doing so I will be charge a removal fee and there is a chance th applied lashes may not hold due to left over residue.
I understand what a sample set is and agree I have been offered one.
I understand that if I have chosen not to receive a sample set before going through with the procedure, that my lash technician is not liable in any way for any reactions or results from theprocedure.
I understand the infill on another lash techs work is not recommended and if completed my lashes may not last as long or look as good as a full set done by JRica.Studio service technician.
I understand that by checking the box below, I hereby release any and all persons representing this salon from all claims, demands, damages, actions and cause of actions arising out of the performance ofthis service.
I understand that JRica.Studio does not offer refunds in any situation, however any problems will be solved with either product or exchange or discounted future services if JRica.Studio is at fault.
I fully understand and comply with the above as stated and I am of sound mind and fully capable of executing this waiver myself.